99 boring on the wall~ (He adapted the nursery rhyme, originally 99 bottles of beer on the wall)
Take a bored down~
There are 98 boring on the wall~
Please, enough, we all know that you are bored, can you?
Yes
Have you ever thought about why we are so bored all day?
Well, no, how do you ask this?
We have been so bored, there must be a reason.
Who will pick it up?
There is a phone call ringing~
Hello, Liu Ding
Look at it is a knife! What's your knife? Are you too bored? How do you lose your edges and corners?
That's not a knife, Liu Ding, that's a spoon!
Or in fact, there is no spoon at all.
Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.
Wow, the bald knife will become magic!
Hey! Hey! Take the rabbit out of the hat, bald knife!
You actually live in a dream kitchen, Liu Ding
It is called "fruit" (fruitrix, changed from maternal matrix)
Everything you see around you is fake.
Even pears are fake? Pears are also
Don't listen to him, Liu Ding
I have always been your best....
Liu Ding...Mr.
Fast, Liu Ding, you have to choose a capsule.
Choose me! Choose me!
Eat red capsules, you will escape and die and be transferred to the real world kitchen
And when you eat the blue capsule, you will stay in the "fruit" and cut it in half by the knife.
Hey, what about the green capsule?
I am a hamburger.
Oh, then red.
He will come back again
How are you sure?
Because he is... "Annoying" (The original movie is The One, here is changed to The Annoying One)
Well, you are right.
Welcome, come to the real kitchen
Here is really right, really dirty
Yes, the real kitchen is supposed to clean up
But at least we are here to be free from the "fruit" and its rulers...
Yay! There is also TV here, awesome.
Yes, but there is only one channel here.
I hope not to be a C-SPAN station (a channel dedicated to government and public affairs)
Note that this is the real world
Look at the machine that builds the "fruit"
Need to rely on you, and your kind as fuel
Well, I have a lot of farts.
and many more
That means my friends will...
Hey! Hey! Who is going to order some mango juice?
No~~
Don't give up hope, Liu Ding
There is still something we can do now.
Although I think you won't like this method
What is it? What should we do?
Plug it in!
Download a lot of information directly to your cerebral cortex
And what you have to do is fight the knives.
And destroy the "fruit" forever
Wow, I know it now...
I know all the "knocking on the door" jokes!!
I feel a huge disturbance in the "fruit"
He is not an individual
All fruits are just the source of energy for the machine!
Oh, are you?
Then prepare to pick up my million bite (he said mega bite, with computer capacity unit megabytes=MB homophonic)
Mr. Liu Ding, do you have a last word to say?
Oh, I just want to say...
Knock on the door! Who is there?
Annoying
Yeah! I have done it! I destroyed the fruit!
Solve that annoying thing! Then..
Make more mango juice!
Oh, no
Maybe you can beat one of us
But you can never beat a thousand knives.
Oh, it seems that I need a bigger ship... (need a bigger boat, slang, it is difficult to cope with the situation)
Or is it better... motorboat!!
Liu Ding, you have done it! You saved us all!!
Yes, I thought I couldn’t do it.
We are finally free!
Yes, you are free.
But please tell me what are you going to do in the future?
Um... good question
I want...
99 boring on the wall~
99 boring~
He is really annoying
Hey, fruit fanatics
Thank you for watching my new movie.
Remember to use the "Like" button to make a knife.
Then also click on the link below to see a new episode of my TV show.
Broadcast every Monday at 8:30 on the cartoon channel at 7:30 pm
Go ahead! (polujony subtitle production)